Today, a huge number of students utilize their free time to assist the local community. Some people hold that students are supposed to be unpaid in this period, while others believe that teenagers should be paid. Personally, I agree with the former, because in the process of serving the pupils can increase their ability to deal with the issues and it enables students to be endurable.

To begin with, teenagers will face a large number of problems when we are serving the community. For example, when teenagers join the local community, they have a chance to instruct the passerby to follow the traffic lights, and when the pedestrian cannot understand why they have to listen to the teenagers, the students must explain their reasons, informing the lawbreakers the serious result such as death and injure. In short, assisting community can improve their problem-solving ability.

Besides, as we all know, when teenagers assist the local community, they can get access to many missions. For instance, teenagers will be given some jobs that require us to clean streets in the community in a day. Therefore, they need to work for the whole day and without any time to have a rest or drink which will immensely test their will power, improving their endurance. To be brief, helping local community can increase their endurance.

To sum up, although teenagers will suffer a considerable of issues when helping the local community, it is still worth for them to assist the community without return in their free time, because, they can improve their characteristics. 
